*OrderUp!*
=====
Vision Statement:
-----

The application OrderUp will be used as an **online food delivery service** to conveniently deliver personalized cuisine orders to customers from their nearby restaurants.  

The main goal of this project is to help **people get the food that they are craving at their convenience**. The application takes into consideration users who lead a busy life so the system is designed to alleviate the hassle of cooking meals at home and the subsequent disruption to a workflow that can entail, and it also eliminates the need to drive out to a restaurant and wait for the order. The application has a wide range of target audiences, as the use of this application will differ based on the user’s schedule or vehicle availability. For customers who do not have access to a vehicle, or who are unable to drive out to pick up their food, they can instead conveniently order food for delivery through OrderUp. However, for those who are working professionals seeking to maintain their productivity, and for parents whose busy lifestyles get in the way of cooking quality meals for themselves, or their families can use OrderUp to order food for delivery to **arrive at a time scheduled by them**.  

OrderUp also takes into consideration customers who prefer visual information rather than long texts as it is more engaging and an alternative for those who have reading difficulties. Thus, the application has a **map that shows nearby restaurants** for easy visualization from users' precise location. By having a visual representation of where the nearby restaurants lie from the user's current location it will assist the user in making a quick decision as they can now easily assess delivery times of different restaurants based on their distance. 

To provide customer satisfaction, our service accepts **user feedback** to improve their services and assist other customers in making an informed decision by being able to view feedback left by other customers. For cost-conscious customers, the application allows easy access to any available coupon codes to get food at a discounted price. For returning customers, the system allows its customers to **save their banking information** in their account to help make an easy transaction for when they return to use the application. For customers that do not know their neighbourhood well enough, we have the restaurants placed on a *map* for an easier understanding of their location.  

The project will be deemed successful primarily based on customer feedback, and prioritizing customer’s needs. Specifically, through a **minimum 4-star rating** in the **App Store** and directly from the OrderUp application. Success will also be determined by how quickly modifications in our product are implemented in response to feedback from customers. OrderUp will monitor its development and success over time by a **minimum of 30 000 orders** that are completed successfully over each quarter. Finally, keeping a steady increase in traffic to be at least **20% quarterly** for our application will enable us to gauge its overall performance.  

In comparison to other online food delivery applications, OrderUp is designed to be easy to use for different age groups ranging from Gen Z to Millennials as there are **universal visual cues** used to make the process from finding food to order to having it delivered seamlessly.  

The application is meant to **save the users' time** to allow them to do what is important to them, whether that’s spending time with their loved ones, being productive in their studies or work, or simply kicking back and relaxing. So, this is an application that accomplishes being a food delivery service that values its customers' time and loyalty while appealing to a wide range of users. 

